C# VS JS:
In unity scripts are made up of one or more classes. C# scripts have the declarations shown. It starts with the variable, followed up by naming it, then giving it a value. Such as int. In Java the variable starts off as var. In java script a function starts off with the key name "function" instead of int. C# has different access modifiers. In C# its private, and in Java its Public. Overall these two languages are very different from one another. Like I listed above they vary in many different ways, and do different things to solve the same problem. C# in general however, is usually shorter and easier to use than java. Both are fairly easy to understand the basics of, and both have different things about them that make them harder or easier. The absolute biggest difference is that java is used for web development, and c# is used for engines like Unity to make games. 

Conventions and Syntax:
Coding syntax simply means the structure of the language and some conventions are essential in order to read and write code properly. An example is the dot operator. A dot operator is a full stop or period seen between words that are within code. The dot operator efficiently allows you to separate or access a compound item that contains many elements. Another good thing to know is the semicolon. The semicolon closes off and stops a code, it tells the computer when to stop reading a line. The only time you don't use a semicolon is if something is using a curly brace. NEVER put a semicolon after a curly brace. 

Scope and Access modifiers:
The area in code in which the variable can be used in. Code blocks define a variable scope, and is defined by braces. Public and private access modifiers are variables defined within a class instead of being declared within a function have an access modifier attributed to them. An access modifier is a keyword before a datatype before declaring the variable. Its purpose is to define where the variable or function can be seen from. Generally if other scripts need access to a variable to function it should be public, if not it should be private. If its public it means it can be accessed outside the class. 